the problem statement is you will be given two strings
and your task is to find the minimum number of
insertions and deletions required to convert the first string into
the second string
For example let us take these two strings War and
Gear
We need to convert the first string war into
Gear for that
First we need to remove the character W from war
and insert characters G and E as the prefix
So the total minimum number of deletions is one and
insertions is two
Let us take another two strings merge and merge sort
here We need to insert the characters SORT into
the first string
So the total minimum number of deletions is zero and insertion is four.